# ParaView_CFD_To_VR

 Researchers conducting computational fluid dynamics (CFD) modeling can spend weeks obtaining imaging data, determining boundary conditions and running simulations. However, results are typically viewed on a 2D display, at one point in time, thus reducing the dynamic and inherently three-dimensional data to a static image. Results from different pathologic states or cases are rarely compared in real time, and supplementary data are seldom included. Therefore, only a fraction of CFD results are typically studied in detail, and associations between mechanical stimuli and biological response may be overlooked. Virtual and augmented reality facilitate stereoscopic viewing that may foster extraction of more information from CFD results by taking advantage of improved depth cues, custom content development and interactivity, all within an immersive approach. Our objective was to develop a straightforward, semi-automated workflow for enhanced viewing of CFD results and associated data in an immersive virtual environment (IVE). The workflow supports common CFD software and has been successfully completed by novice users in about an hour, demonstrating its ease of use. Moreover, its utility is demonstrated across clinical research areas and IVE platforms spanning a range of cost and development considerations. We are optimistic that this advancement, which decreases and simplifies the steps to facilitate more widespread use of immersive CFD viewing, will foster more efficient collaboration between engineers and clinicians. Initial clinical feedback is presented, and instructional videos, manuals, templates and sample data are provided online to facilitate adoption by the community.  
